{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red156\green156\blue156;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb2 {\listtext	1.	}Problem\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	2.	}\'a0\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	3.	}You're watching a show where Googlers (employees of Google) dance, and then each dancer is given a triplet of scores by three judges. Each triplet of scores consists of three integer scores from 0 to 10 inclusive. The judges have very similar standards, so it's surprising if a triplet of scores contains two scores that are 2 apart. No triplet of scores contains scores that are more than 2 apart.\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	4.	}\'a0\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	5.	}For example: (8, 8, 8) and (7, 8, 7) are not surprising. (6, 7, 8) and (6, 8, 8) are surprising. (7, 6, 9) will never happen.\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	6.	}\'a0\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	7.	}The total points for a Googler is the sum of the three scores in that Googler's triplet of scores. The best result for a Googler is the maximum of the three scores in that Googler's triplet of scores. Given the total points for each Googler, as well as the number of surprising triplets of scores, what is the maximum number of Googlers that could have had a best result of at least p?\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	8.	}\'a0\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	9.	}For example, suppose there were 6 Googlers, and they had the following total points: 29, 20, 8, 18, 18, 21. You remember that there were 2 surprising triplets of scores, and you want to know how many Googlers could have gotten a best result of 8 or better.\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	10.	}\'a0\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	11.	}With those total points, and knowing that two of the triplets were surprising, the triplets of scores could have been:\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	12.	}\'a0\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	13.	}10 9 10\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	14.	}6 6 8 (*)\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	15.	}2 3 3\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	16.	}6 6 6\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	17.	}6 6 6\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	18.	}6 7 8 (*)\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	19.	}The cases marked with a (*) are the surprising cases. This gives us 3 Googlers who got at least one score of 8 or better. There's no series of triplets of scores that would give us a higher number than 3, so the answer is 3.\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	20.	}Input\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	21.	}\'a0\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	22.	}The first line of the input gives the number of test cases, T. T test cases follow. Each test case consists of a single line containing integers separated by single spaces. The first integer will be N, the number of Googlers, and the second integer will be S, the number of surprising triplets of scores. The third integer will be p, as described above. Next will be N integers ti: the total points of the Googlers.\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	23.	}\'a0\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	24.	}Output\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	25.	}\'a0\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	26.	}For each test case, output one line containing "Case #x: y", where x is the case number (starting from 1) and y is the maximum number of Googlers who could have had a best result of greater than or equal to p.\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	27.	}\'a0\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	28.	}Limits\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	29.	}\'a0\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	30.	}1 \uc0\u8804  T \u8804  100.\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	31.	}0 \uc0\u8804  S \u8804  N.\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	32.	}0 \uc0\u8804  p \u8804  10.\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	33.	}0 \uc0\u8804  ti \u8804  30.\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	34.	}At least S of the ti values will be between 2 and 28, inclusive.\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	35.	}Small dataset\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	36.	}\'a0\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	37.	}1 \uc0\u8804  N \u8804  3.\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	38.	}Large dataset\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	39.	}\'a0\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	40.	}1 \uc0\u8804  N \u8804  100.\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	41.	}Sample\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	42.	}\'a0\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	43.	}\'a0\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	44.	}Input\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	45.	}\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	46.	}Output\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	47.	}\'a0\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	48.	}4\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	49.	}3 1 5 15 13 11\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	50.	}3 0 8 23 22 21\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	51.	}2 1 1 8 0\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	52.	}6 2 8 29 20 8 18 18 21\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	53.	}Case #1: 3\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	54.	}Case #2: 2\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	55.	}Case #3: 1\cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	56.	}Case #4: 3\cf3 \
}